charts/core/README.md, before:

# NeuVector Helm Chart

Helm chart for NeuVector container security's core services.
 
## Preparation if using Helm 2

- Kubernetes 1.7+
- Helm installed and Tiller pod is running
- Cluster role `cluster-admin` available, check by:

```console
$ kubectl get clusterrole cluster-admin
```

If nothing returned, then add the `cluster-admin`:

cluster-admin.yaml
```yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: cluster-admin
rules:
- apiGroups:
  - '*'
  resources:
  - '*'
  verbs:
  - '*'
- nonResourceURLs:
  - '*'
  verbs:
  - '*'
```

```console
$ kubectl create -f cluster-admin.yaml
```

- If you have not created a service account for tiller, and give it admin abilities on the cluster:

```console
$ kubectl create serviceaccount --namespace kube-system tiller
$ kubectl create clusterrolebinding tiller-cluster-rule --clusterrole=cluster-admin --serviceaccount=kube-system:tiller
$ kubectl patch deployment tiller-deploy -p '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"serviceAccount":"tiller"}}}}' -n kube-system
```

## CRD
Because the CRD (Custom Resource Definition) policies can be deployed before NeuVector's core product, a new 'crd' helm chart is created. The crd template in the 'core' chart is kept for the backward compatibility. Please set 'crdwebhook.enabled' to false, if you use the new 'crd' chart.


## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the NeuVector chart and their default values.

Parameter | Description | Default | Notes
--------- | ----------- | ------- | -----
`openshift` | If deploying in OpenShift, set this to true | `false` |
`registry` | NeuVector container registry | `registry.neuvector.com` |
`tag` | image tag for controller enforcer manager | `latest` |
`oem` | OEM release name | `nil` |
`imagePullSecrets` | image pull secret | `nil` |
`psp` | NeuVector Pod Security Policy when psp policy is enabled | `false` |
`serviceAccount` | Service account name for NeuVector components | `default` |
`controller.enabled` | If true, create controller | `true` |
`controller.image.repository` | controller image repository | `neuvector/controller` |
`controller.replicas` | controller replicas | `3` |
`controller.schedulerName` | kubernetes scheduler name | `nil` |
`controller.disruptionbudget` | controller PodDisruptionBudget. 0 to disable. Recommended value: 2. | `0` |
`controller.priorityClassName` | controller priorityClassName. Must exist prior to helm deployment. Leave empty to disable. | `nil` |
`controller.env` | User-defined environment variables for controller. | `[]` |
`controller.pvc.enabled` | If true, enable persistence for controller using PVC | `false` | Require persistent volume type RWX, and storage 1Gi
`controller.pvc.storageClass` | Storage Class to be used | `default` |
`controller.pvc.capacity` | Storage capacity | `1Gi` |
`controller.azureFileShare.enabled` | If true, enable the usage of an existing or statically provisioned Azure File Share | `false` |
`controller.azureFileShare.secretName` | The name of the secret containing the Azure file share storage account name and key | `nil` |
`controller.azureFileShare.shareName` | The name of the Azure file share to use | `nil` |
`controller.apisvc.type` | Controller REST API service type | `nil` |
`controller.apisvc.annotations` | Add annotations to controller REST API service | `{}` |
`controller.apisvc.route.enabled` | If true, create a OpenShift route to expose the Controller REST API service | `false` |
`controller.apisvc.route.termination` | Specify TLS termination for OpenShift route for Controller REST API service. Possible passthrough, edge, reencrypt | `passthrough` |
`controller.apisvc.route.host` | Set controller REST API service hostname | `nil` |
`controller.certificate.secret` | Replace controller REST API certificate using secret if secret name is specified | `nil` |
`controller.certificate.keyFile` | Replace controller REST API certificate key file | `tls.key` |
`controller.certificate.pemFile` | Replace controller REST API certificate pem file | `tls.pem` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.type` | Multi-cluster primary cluster service type. If specified, the deployment will be used to manage other clusters. Possible values include NodePort, LoadBalancer and ClusterIP.  | `nil` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.route.enabled` | If true, create a OpenShift route to expose the Multi-cluster primary cluster service | `false` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.route.host` | Set OpenShift route host for primary cluster service | `nil` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.route.termination` | Specify TLS termination for OpenShift route for Multi-cluster primary cluster service. Possible passthrough, edge, reencrypt | `passthrough` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.enabled` | If true, create ingress for federation master service, must also set ingress host value | `false` | enable this if ingress controller is installed
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.tls` | If true, TLS is enabled for controller federation master ingress service |`false` | If set, the tls-host used is the one set with `controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.host`.
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.host` | Must set this host value if ingress is enabled | `nil` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.secretName` | Name of the secret to be used for TLS-encryption | `nil` | Secret must be created separately (Let's encrypt, manually)
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.path` | Set ingress path |`/` | If set, it might be necessary to set a rewrite rule in annotations.
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.annotations` | Add annotations to ingress to influence behavior | `ingress.kubernetes.io/protocol: https ingress.kubernetes.io/rewrite-target: /` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`controller.federation.managedsvc.type` | Multi-cluster managed cluster service type. If specified, the deployment will be managed by the managed clsuter. Possible values include NodePort, LoadBalancer and ClusterIP. | `nil` |
`controller.federation.managedsvc.route.enabled` | If true, create a OpenShift route to expose the Multi-cluster managed cluster service | `false` |
`controller.federation.managedsvc.route.host` | Set OpenShift route host for manageed service | `nil` |
`controller.federation.managedsvc.route.termination` | Specify TLS termination for OpenShift route for Multi-cluster managed cluster service. Possible passthrough, edge, reencrypt | `passthrough` |
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.enabled` | If true, create ingress for federation managed service, must also set ingress host value | `false` | enable this if ingress controller is installed
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.tls` | If true, TLS is enabled for controller federation managed ingress service |`false` | If set, the tls-host used is the one set with `controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.host`.
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.host` | Must set this host value if ingress is enabled | `nil` |
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.secretName` | Name of the secret to be used for TLS-encryption | `nil` | Secret must be created separately (Let's encrypt, manually)
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.path` | Set ingress path |`/` | If set, it might be necessary to set a rewrite rule in annotations.
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.annotations` | Add annotations to ingress to influence behavior | `ingress.kubernetes.io/protocol: https ingress.kubernetes.io/rewrite-target: /` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`controller.ingress.enabled` | If true, create ingress for rest api, must also set ingress host value | `false` | enable this if ingress controller is installed
`controller.ingress.tls` | If true, TLS is enabled for controller rest api ingress service |`false` | If set, the tls-host used is the one set with `controller.ingress.host`.
`controller.ingress.host` | Must set this host value if ingress is enabled | `nil` |
`controller.ingress.secretName` | Name of the secret to be used for TLS-encryption | `nil` | Secret must be created separately (Let's encrypt, manually)
`controller.ingress.path` | Set ingress path |`/` | If set, it might be necessary to set a rewrite rule in annotations.
`controller.ingress.annotations` | Add annotations to ingress to influence behavior | `ingress.kubernetes.io/protocol: https ingress.kubernetes.io/rewrite-target: /` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`controller.resources` | Add resources requests and limits to controller deployment | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`controller.configmap.enabled` | If true, configure NeuVector using a ConfigMap | `false`
`controller.configmap.data` | NeuVector configuration in YAML format | `{}`
`enforcer.enabled` | If true, create enforcer | `true` |
`enforcer.image.repository` | enforcer image repository | `neuvector/enforcer` |
`enforcer.priorityClassName` | enforcer priorityClassName. Must exist prior to helm deployment. Leave empty to disable. | `nil` |
`enforcer.tolerations` | List of node taints to tolerate | `- effect: NoSchedule`<br>`key: node-role.kubernetes.io/master` | other taints can be added after the default
`enforcer.resources` | Add resources requests and limits to enforcer deployment | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`manager.enabled` | If true, create manager | `true` |
`manager.image.repository` | manager image repository | `neuvector/manager` |
`manager.priorityClassName` | manager priorityClassName. Must exist prior to helm deployment. Leave empty to disable. | `nil` |
`manager.env.ssl` | If false, manager will listen on HTTP access instead of HTTPS | `true` |
`manager.svc.type` | set manager service type for native Kubernetes | `NodePort`;<br>if it is OpenShift platform or ingress is enabled, then default is `ClusterIP` | set to LoadBalancer if using cloud providers, such as Azure, Amazon, Google
`manager.svc.loadBalancerIP` | if manager service type is LoadBalancer, this is used to specify the load balancer's IP | `nil` |
`manager.svc.annotations` | Add annotations to manager service | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`manager.route.enabled` | If true, create a OpenShift route to expose the management consol service | `true` |
`manager.route.host` | Set OpenShift route host for management consol service | `nil` |
`manager.route.termination` | Specify TLS termination for OpenShift route for management consol service. Possible passthrough, edge, reencrypt | `passthrough` |
`manager.certificate.secret` | Replace manager UI certificate using secret if secret name is specified | `nil` |
`manager.certificate.keyFile` | Replace manager UI certificate key file | `tls.key` |
`manager.certificate.pemFile` | Replace manager UI certificate pem file | `tls.pem` |
`manager.ingress.enabled` | If true, create ingress, must also set ingress host value | `false` | enable this if ingress controller is installed
`manager.ingress.host` | Must set this host value if ingress is enabled | `nil` |
`manager.ingress.path` | Set ingress path |`/` | If set, it might be necessary to set a rewrite rule in annotations. Currently only supports `/`
`manager.ingress.annotations` | Add annotations to ingress to influence behavior | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`manager.ingress.tls` | If true, TLS is enabled for manager ingress service |`false` | If set, the tls-host used is the one set with `manager.ingress.host`.
`manager.ingress.secretName` | Name of the secret to be used for TLS-encryption | `nil` | Secret must be created separately (Let's encrypt, manually)
`manager.resources` | Add resources requests and limits to manager deployment | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`cve.updater.enabled` | If true, create cve updater | `true` |
`cve.updater.secure` | If ture, API server's certificate is validated  | `false` |
`cve.updater.image.repository` | cve updater image repository | `neuvector/updater` |
`cve.updater.image.tag` | image tag for cve updater | `latest` |
`cve.updater.priorityClassName` | cve updater priorityClassName. Must exist prior to helm deployment. Leave empty to disable. | `nil` |
`cve.updater.schedule` | cronjob cve updater schedule | `0 0 * * *` |
`cve.scanner.enabled` | If true, external scanners will be deployed | `true` |
`cve.scanner.image.repository` | external scanner image repository | `neuvector/scanner` |
`cve.scanner.image.tag` | external scanner image tag | `latest` |
`cve.scanner.priorityClassName` | cve scanner priorityClassName. Must exist prior to helm deployment. Leave empty to disable. | `nil` |
`cve.scanner.replicas` | external scanner replicas | `3` |
`cve.scanner.dockerPath` | the remote docker socket if CI/CD integration need scan images before they are pushed to the registry | `nil` |
`cve.scanner.resources` | Add resources requests and limits to scanner deployment | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`docker.path` | docker path | `/var/run/docker.sock` |
`containerd.enabled` | Set to true, if the container runtime is containerd | `false` |
`containerd.path` | If containerd is enabled, this local containerd socket path will be used | `/var/run/containerd/containerd.sock` |
`crio.enabled` | Set to true, if the container runtime is cri-o | `false` |
`crio.path` | If cri-o is enabled, this local cri-o socket path will be used | `/var/run/crio/crio.sock` |
`k3s.enabled` | Set to true for k3s | `false` |
`k3s.runtimePath` | If k3s is enabled, this local containerd socket path will be used | `/run/k3s/containerd/containerd.sock` |
`bottlerocket.enabled` | Set to true if using AWS bottlerocket | `false` |
`bottlerocket.runtimePath` | If bottlerocket is enabled, this local containerd socket path will be used | `/run/dockershim.sock` |
`admissionwebhook.type` | admission webhook type | `ClusterIP` |
`crdwebhook.enabled` | Enable crd service and create crd related resources | `true` |
`crdwebhook.type` | crd webhook type | `ClusterIP` |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release --namespace neuvector ./neuvector-helm/ --set manager.env.ssl=off
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release --namespace neuvector ./neuvector-helm/ -f values.yaml
```

---
Contact <support@neuvector.com> for access to container registry and docs.

Commit message:

Make affinity and toleration value configurable

charts/core/README.md, after:

# NeuVector Helm Chart

Helm chart for NeuVector container security's core services.
 
## Preparation if using Helm 2

- Kubernetes 1.7+
- Helm installed and Tiller pod is running
- Cluster role `cluster-admin` available, check by:

```console
$ kubectl get clusterrole cluster-admin
```

If nothing returned, then add the `cluster-admin`:

cluster-admin.yaml
```yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: cluster-admin
rules:
- apiGroups:
  - '*'
  resources:
  - '*'
  verbs:
  - '*'
- nonResourceURLs:
  - '*'
  verbs:
  - '*'
```

```console
$ kubectl create -f cluster-admin.yaml
```

- If you have not created a service account for tiller, and give it admin abilities on the cluster:

```console
$ kubectl create serviceaccount --namespace kube-system tiller
$ kubectl create clusterrolebinding tiller-cluster-rule --clusterrole=cluster-admin --serviceaccount=kube-system:tiller
$ kubectl patch deployment tiller-deploy -p '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"serviceAccount":"tiller"}}}}' -n kube-system
```

## CRD
Because the CRD (Custom Resource Definition) policies can be deployed before NeuVector's core product, a new 'crd' helm chart is created. The crd template in the 'core' chart is kept for the backward compatibility. Please set 'crdwebhook.enabled' to false, if you use the new 'crd' chart.


## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the NeuVector chart and their default values.

Parameter | Description | Default | Notes
--------- | ----------- | ------- | -----
`openshift` | If deploying in OpenShift, set this to true | `false` |
`registry` | NeuVector container registry | `registry.neuvector.com` |
`tag` | image tag for controller enforcer manager | `latest` |
`oem` | OEM release name | `nil` |
`imagePullSecrets` | image pull secret | `nil` |
`psp` | NeuVector Pod Security Policy when psp policy is enabled | `false` |
`serviceAccount` | Service account name for NeuVector components | `default` |
`controller.enabled` | If true, create controller | `true` |
`controller.image.repository` | controller image repository | `neuvector/controller` |
`controller.replicas` | controller replicas | `3` |
`controller.schedulerName` | kubernetes scheduler name | `nil` |
`controller.affinity` | controller affinity rules  | ... | spread controllers to different nodes |
`controller.tolerations` | List of node taints to tolerate | `nil` |
`controller.disruptionbudget` | controller PodDisruptionBudget. 0 to disable. Recommended value: 2. | `0` |
`controller.priorityClassName` | controller priorityClassName. Must exist prior to helm deployment. Leave empty to disable. | `nil` |
`controller.env` | User-defined environment variables for controller. | `[]` |
`controller.pvc.enabled` | If true, enable persistence for controller using PVC | `false` | Require persistent volume type RWX, and storage 1Gi
`controller.pvc.storageClass` | Storage Class to be used | `default` |
`controller.pvc.capacity` | Storage capacity | `1Gi` |
`controller.azureFileShare.enabled` | If true, enable the usage of an existing or statically provisioned Azure File Share | `false` |
`controller.azureFileShare.secretName` | The name of the secret containing the Azure file share storage account name and key | `nil` |
`controller.azureFileShare.shareName` | The name of the Azure file share to use | `nil` |
`controller.apisvc.type` | Controller REST API service type | `nil` |
`controller.apisvc.annotations` | Add annotations to controller REST API service | `{}` |
`controller.apisvc.route.enabled` | If true, create a OpenShift route to expose the Controller REST API service | `false` |
`controller.apisvc.route.termination` | Specify TLS termination for OpenShift route for Controller REST API service. Possible passthrough, edge, reencrypt | `passthrough` |
`controller.apisvc.route.host` | Set controller REST API service hostname | `nil` |
`controller.certificate.secret` | Replace controller REST API certificate using secret if secret name is specified | `nil` |
`controller.certificate.keyFile` | Replace controller REST API certificate key file | `tls.key` |
`controller.certificate.pemFile` | Replace controller REST API certificate pem file | `tls.pem` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.type` | Multi-cluster primary cluster service type. If specified, the deployment will be used to manage other clusters. Possible values include NodePort, LoadBalancer and ClusterIP.  | `nil` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.route.enabled` | If true, create a OpenShift route to expose the Multi-cluster primary cluster service | `false` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.route.host` | Set OpenShift route host for primary cluster service | `nil` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.route.termination` | Specify TLS termination for OpenShift route for Multi-cluster primary cluster service. Possible passthrough, edge, reencrypt | `passthrough` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.enabled` | If true, create ingress for federation master service, must also set ingress host value | `false` | enable this if ingress controller is installed
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.tls` | If true, TLS is enabled for controller federation master ingress service |`false` | If set, the tls-host used is the one set with `controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.host`.
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.host` | Must set this host value if ingress is enabled | `nil` |
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.secretName` | Name of the secret to be used for TLS-encryption | `nil` | Secret must be created separately (Let's encrypt, manually)
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.path` | Set ingress path |`/` | If set, it might be necessary to set a rewrite rule in annotations.
`controller.federation.mastersvc.ingress.annotations` | Add annotations to ingress to influence behavior | `ingress.kubernetes.io/protocol: https ingress.kubernetes.io/rewrite-target: /` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`controller.federation.managedsvc.type` | Multi-cluster managed cluster service type. If specified, the deployment will be managed by the managed clsuter. Possible values include NodePort, LoadBalancer and ClusterIP. | `nil` |
`controller.federation.managedsvc.route.enabled` | If true, create a OpenShift route to expose the Multi-cluster managed cluster service | `false` |
`controller.federation.managedsvc.route.host` | Set OpenShift route host for manageed service | `nil` |
`controller.federation.managedsvc.route.termination` | Specify TLS termination for OpenShift route for Multi-cluster managed cluster service. Possible passthrough, edge, reencrypt | `passthrough` |
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.enabled` | If true, create ingress for federation managed service, must also set ingress host value | `false` | enable this if ingress controller is installed
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.tls` | If true, TLS is enabled for controller federation managed ingress service |`false` | If set, the tls-host used is the one set with `controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.host`.
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.host` | Must set this host value if ingress is enabled | `nil` |
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.secretName` | Name of the secret to be used for TLS-encryption | `nil` | Secret must be created separately (Let's encrypt, manually)
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.path` | Set ingress path |`/` | If set, it might be necessary to set a rewrite rule in annotations.
`controller.federation.managedsvc.ingress.annotations` | Add annotations to ingress to influence behavior | `ingress.kubernetes.io/protocol: https ingress.kubernetes.io/rewrite-target: /` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`controller.ingress.enabled` | If true, create ingress for rest api, must also set ingress host value | `false` | enable this if ingress controller is installed
`controller.ingress.tls` | If true, TLS is enabled for controller rest api ingress service |`false` | If set, the tls-host used is the one set with `controller.ingress.host`.
`controller.ingress.host` | Must set this host value if ingress is enabled | `nil` |
`controller.ingress.secretName` | Name of the secret to be used for TLS-encryption | `nil` | Secret must be created separately (Let's encrypt, manually)
`controller.ingress.path` | Set ingress path |`/` | If set, it might be necessary to set a rewrite rule in annotations.
`controller.ingress.annotations` | Add annotations to ingress to influence behavior | `ingress.kubernetes.io/protocol: https ingress.kubernetes.io/rewrite-target: /` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`controller.resources` | Add resources requests and limits to controller deployment | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`controller.configmap.enabled` | If true, configure NeuVector using a ConfigMap | `false`
`controller.configmap.data` | NeuVector configuration in YAML format | `{}`
`enforcer.enabled` | If true, create enforcer | `true` |
`enforcer.image.repository` | enforcer image repository | `neuvector/enforcer` |
`enforcer.priorityClassName` | enforcer priorityClassName. Must exist prior to helm deployment. Leave empty to disable. | `nil` |
`enforcer.tolerations` | List of node taints to tolerate | `- effect: NoSchedule`<br>`key: node-role.kubernetes.io/master` | other taints can be added after the default
`enforcer.resources` | Add resources requests and limits to enforcer deployment | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`manager.enabled` | If true, create manager | `true` |
`manager.image.repository` | manager image repository | `neuvector/manager` |
`manager.priorityClassName` | manager priorityClassName. Must exist prior to helm deployment. Leave empty to disable. | `nil` |
`manager.env.ssl` | If false, manager will listen on HTTP access instead of HTTPS | `true` |
`manager.svc.type` | set manager service type for native Kubernetes | `NodePort`;<br>if it is OpenShift platform or ingress is enabled, then default is `ClusterIP` | set to LoadBalancer if using cloud providers, such as Azure, Amazon, Google
`manager.svc.loadBalancerIP` | if manager service type is LoadBalancer, this is used to specify the load balancer's IP | `nil` |
`manager.svc.annotations` | Add annotations to manager service | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`manager.route.enabled` | If true, create a OpenShift route to expose the management consol service | `true` |
`manager.route.host` | Set OpenShift route host for management consol service | `nil` |
`manager.route.termination` | Specify TLS termination for OpenShift route for management consol service. Possible passthrough, edge, reencrypt | `passthrough` |
`manager.certificate.secret` | Replace manager UI certificate using secret if secret name is specified | `nil` |
`manager.certificate.keyFile` | Replace manager UI certificate key file | `tls.key` |
`manager.certificate.pemFile` | Replace manager UI certificate pem file | `tls.pem` |
`manager.ingress.enabled` | If true, create ingress, must also set ingress host value | `false` | enable this if ingress controller is installed
`manager.ingress.host` | Must set this host value if ingress is enabled | `nil` |
`manager.ingress.path` | Set ingress path |`/` | If set, it might be necessary to set a rewrite rule in annotations. Currently only supports `/`
`manager.ingress.annotations` | Add annotations to ingress to influence behavior | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`manager.ingress.tls` | If true, TLS is enabled for manager ingress service |`false` | If set, the tls-host used is the one set with `manager.ingress.host`.
`manager.ingress.secretName` | Name of the secret to be used for TLS-encryption | `nil` | Secret must be created separately (Let's encrypt, manually)
`manager.resources` | Add resources requests and limits to manager deployment | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml)
`manager.affinity` | manager affinity rules  | `{}` |
`manager.tolerations` | List of node taints to tolerate | `nil` |
`cve.updater.enabled` | If true, create cve updater | `true` |
`cve.updater.secure` | If ture, API server's certificate is validated  | `false` |
`cve.updater.image.repository` | cve updater image repository | `neuvector/updater` |
`cve.updater.image.tag` | image tag for cve updater | `latest` |
`cve.updater.priorityClassName` | cve updater priorityClassName. Must exist prior to helm deployment. Leave empty to disable. | `nil` |
`cve.updater.schedule` | cronjob cve updater schedule | `0 0 * * *` |
`cve.scanner.enabled` | If true, external scanners will be deployed | `true` |
`cve.scanner.image.repository` | external scanner image repository | `neuvector/scanner` |
`cve.scanner.image.tag` | external scanner image tag | `latest` |
`cve.scanner.priorityClassName` | cve scanner priorityClassName. Must exist prior to helm deployment. Leave empty to disable. | `nil` |
`cve.scanner.replicas` | external scanner replicas | `3` |
`cve.scanner.dockerPath` | the remote docker socket if CI/CD integration need scan images before they are pushed to the registry | `nil` |
`cve.scanner.resources` | Add resources requests and limits to scanner deployment | `{}` | see examples in [values.yaml](values.yaml) |
`cve.scanner.affinity` | scanner affinity rules  | `{}` |
`cve.scanner.tolerations` | List of node taints to tolerate | `nil` |
`docker.path` | docker path | `/var/run/docker.sock` |
`containerd.enabled` | Set to true, if the container runtime is containerd | `false` |
`containerd.path` | If containerd is enabled, this local containerd socket path will be used | `/var/run/containerd/containerd.sock` |
`crio.enabled` | Set to true, if the container runtime is cri-o | `false` |
`crio.path` | If cri-o is enabled, this local cri-o socket path will be used | `/var/run/crio/crio.sock` |
`k3s.enabled` | Set to true for k3s | `false` |
`k3s.runtimePath` | If k3s is enabled, this local containerd socket path will be used | `/run/k3s/containerd/containerd.sock` |
`bottlerocket.enabled` | Set to true if using AWS bottlerocket | `false` |
`bottlerocket.runtimePath` | If bottlerocket is enabled, this local containerd socket path will be used | `/run/dockershim.sock` |
`admissionwebhook.type` | admission webhook type | `ClusterIP` |
`crdwebhook.enabled` | Enable crd service and create crd related resources | `true` |
`crdwebhook.type` | crd webhook type | `ClusterIP` |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release --namespace neuvector ./neuvector-helm/ --set manager.env.ssl=off
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release --namespace neuvector ./neuvector-helm/ -f values.yaml
```

---
Contact <support@neuvector.com> for access to container registry and docs.
